EssilorLuxottica 2024 Annual Report €26.5 bn Seeing At EssilorLuxottica, we see the world differently. As a global leader in vision care innovation, we are revolutionizing the way people see in revenue and experience the world. By seamlessly blending the best of optical 600+ beyond limits, science, beauty and innovation without compromise, while nurturing 200,000+ deep, meaningful connections with patients and consumers around mass production the world, we push the boundaries of possibility, empowering people like never before. employees facilities and optical labs transforming 150+ lives Innovation at the core From breakthrough lens technologies and next-gen med-tech solu- tions to iconic and smart eyewear, we are shaping a future where brands science and technology redefine human experience. In the top10 of the 116 mn With deep-rooted R&D expertise and a world-class supply chain, we world’s pioneer new frontiers in sight and sound, transforming eye health and most innovative prescription glasses care while redefining what a pair of glasses can do. and sunglasses companies* frames produced A unique, collaborative approach 15,000+ Innovation thrives on collaboration. That’s why we partner with indus- try leaders who share our passion for advancing vision care, engaging our optical partners in this journey. patents and designs From redefining the potential of eyewear to reimagining the patient Fortune 560 mn journey, our open, collaborative, vertically integrated business model 'Change and global reach empower us to drive the future of vision care and prescription lenses produced elevate the industry. the World' list for the fourth time 160+ mn A legacy of iconic brands and pioneering technology Our portfolio is home to game-changing technologies like Varilux, 18,000 non-prescription Stellest and Transitions, setting new standards in optical science. sun lenses produced Our world-renowned brands are cultural icons, from Ray-Ban, stores Oakley and Supreme, redefining lifestyle, fashion and sports, to some of the most coveted luxury licensed brands and optical banners like 150+ 120 mn Sunglass Hut and LensCrafters reshaping the retail experience. With advanced medical instruments and eye health solutions such as Essilor Instruments and Heidelberg Engineering, we continue to expand our countries non-prescription medical, scientific and clinical expertise, improving the lives of hun- reading glasses sold 300,000 dreds of millions worldwide. Eyes on a responsible future independent eyecare 78 mn Our commitment extends beyond vision. It’s about shaping a better professionals contact lens packages world. Through Eyes on the Planet, we are dedicated to minimizing * Source: Fast Company’s annual ranking of distributed our environmental footprint while maximizing our social impact. the World’s Most Innovative Companies True to our Mission and our goal of enhancing the way people experi- ence and connect with the world, our OneSight EssilorLuxottica Foundation has expanded its reach, collaborating with the World Our people, our strength 4 Opening message History Platform of strategic assets 40 2024 Stories 6 Board of Directors 14 A legacy of vision, 21 Business model With over 200,000 employees in more than 150 countries, our diverse innovation and excellence 22 People and inclusive global team is the heartbeat of our success. Every day, Performances 16 A unique portfolio of brands 24 Innovation capabilities we celebrate creativity, foster collaboration, and fuel relentless ambi- 8 Financial performance and technologies 30 Operations and supply-chain tion that drives us forward. 10 Social and environmental 36 Brand portfolio performance 18 Strategy for a long-term 38 Go-to-market strategy Together, we are building a future where vision is more than sight. A growth future where eyes become the bridge between human intelligence and AI, between reality and the digital world. 2 3 EssilorLuxottica 2024 Annual Report By bringing lenses and frames under one roof and harnessing the groundbreaking open-ear hearing solution at an accessible price, power of vertical integration – from research and product devel- breaks down barriers of stigma, discomfort and affordability. The opment to manufacturing, distribution and our global network of journey is just at the beginning, also following the recent acquisi- 300,000 optical partners and 18,000 stores – we have created a tion of Pulse Audition and its AI-based noise reduction and voice dynamic platform that strengthens our competitive edge and fuels enhancement technology. We are already at work on the next gen- our ambition to boost our category elevation and industry growth. erations of products set to introduce new functionalities later this year. Today, our Company is in the best shape it has ever been in. Over the past years, we have optimized every facet of our organization Lastly, our portfolio of iconic brands continues to set new standards – redefining our business model, pushing the boundaries of inno- in desirability and cultural influence. Last year, we invested heavily vation, reinforcing our supply chain, expanding our brand portfolio in product R&D and more engaging communications, strengthen- and strengthening our leadership position through technology and ing our direct relationship with consumers. With the acquisition of AI investments. We achieved this while accelerating the develop- Supreme, new licensed brands like Diesel and extended partner- ment of new categories and strategic initiatives that will serve as ships with Dolce&Gabbana, Michael Kors and Prada, we continue tomorrow’s growth drivers and shape the future of vision care and to be the partner of choice for the world’s leading fashion and tech- beyond. nology companies. A new era of unprecedented opportunities A company with an eye on a responsible future As we look ahead, we are stepping into an era of great opportu- Achieving greatness is not just about the ‘what’ but also the ‘how’. nities. From med-tech solutions enhancing lives globally to cate- Led by a strong management team and a new generation of talent gory-defining wearables reshaping how consumers experience the with fresh perspectives, our over 200,000 colleagues have demon- world, we are driving the future. With our portfolio of iconic, cul- strated extraordinary commitment and passion. Through our Eyes ture-shaping brands, we continue to earn the loyalty of consumers on the Planet program, we are making significant strides in our en- and fast-tracking technological adoption. Our ambition is clear: We vironmental and social performance, earning us a place in the Dow are creating a transformative platform that reimagines the eyes as Jones Best-in-Class Europe Index. Sustainability remains key to our a gateway to new possibilities – the most seamless and immediate Company: we achieved carbon neutrality across our direct activities bridge between human intelligence and AI, between reality and in Europe in 2023 and are committed to reaching global carbon the digital world. neutrality by 2025. Last year, our new greenhouse gas reduction These strategic initiatives are already yielding groundbreaking re- targets were validated by the SBTi, marking a major milestone in sults. In med-tech, we are building a universe of leading vision care our efforts to reduce our environmental impact across the entire solutions, taking a more holistic approach to serving customers and value chain. From med-tech to wearables, Dear Shareholders, patients. With the exceptional growth of Stellest, the highly ad- vanced OCT devices from Heidelberg Engineering, retinal imaging True to our Mission and our goal of enhancing the way people we are driving the future. We are proud to celebrate another record-breaking year in our solutions from Cellview and non-invasive devices from Espansione experience and connect with the world, our OneSight EssilorLux- Group for dry eye, ocular surface and retinal diseases, we are ex- With our iconic brands, we Company’s history – a year of remarkable milestones. Our revenue ottica Foundation has expanded its reach, collaborating with the soared to an all-time high of €26.5 billion and our adjusted operat- panding our medical and clinical expertise. From myopia manage- World Health Organization to bring essential vision care to those continue to earn the loyalty ing profit exceeded €4.4 billion, with the adjusted Group net profit ment to eye disease diagnostics, surgical guidance and chronic who need it most. Since 2013, we have created sustainable access surpassing €3 billion and free cash flow reaching €2.4 billion. At condition management, we are improving the health of hundreds to vision care for nearly one billion people worldwide. Recognizing of consumers and accelerate the same time, the market continues to recognize our momentum of millions of people worldwide. its global impact, our Group once again earned a spot in Fortune technological adoption. and bold trajectory, solidifying EssilorLuxottica as one of the most magazine’s top 50 list of companies that ‘Change the World’. influential companies in the CAC 40 and reflecting the power of With AI-powered Ray-Ban | Meta redefining smart eyewear and Nu- our vision, the strength of our strategy and the excellence of our ance Audio pioneering an entirely new category at the intersection The EssilorLuxottica we are building is a blueprint for companies execution. of sight and hearing, we are at the forefront of wearable and AI that seamlessly integrate across industries, understanding that innovation. Ray-Ban | Meta is transforming eyeglasses into the next today’s consumers are more dynamic than ever. They care deep- As we step into the new year with confidence, we remain on track major technology platform – one that enhances daily life through ly about their health and demand the best science has to offer. with our long-term targets and are committed to driving meaning- medical services, performance optimization, information access They seek beauty and innovation without compromise. They de- ful transformation for years to come. and social entertainment, all while making wearable computing sire connectivity without losing sight of the human experience. fashionable. Last year, Ray-Ban | Meta became the first smart eye- Our journey will always be tied to theirs, as well as to yours. A transformative vision built on legacies wear to crack the code for widespread adoption, connecting mil- The journey we embarked on a decade ago alongside our late lions of consumers more seamlessly to the people and activities Thank you for your trust in our bold strategy and our unique ability Chairman continues to drive us forward. Anchored in a legacy of in- they love. Similarly, the FDA-cleared and EU-certified Nuance Au- to execute it. We are confident there are even greater achievements novation, creativity and excellence, we are shaping a more integrat- dio glasses are already carving out a new market, addressing the for us ahead. ed and visionary EssilorLuxottica. Our strategic evolution toward vastly underserved hearing needs of over one billion people world- med-tech and transformative industries is unlocking cross-sector wide with mild to moderate hearing loss. Francesco Milleri, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer innovations that will pioneer the future of technology, eye health The disruptive concept of beautiful, well-fitting glasses with a Paul du Saillant, Deputy Chief Executive Officer and human connection. 4 5 Report on Corporate Governance Information on Corporate Governance EssilorLuxottica 2024 Annual Report At the heart of Driven by a shared purpose – to enhance the way people experience and connect with the world and EssilorLuxottica’s embrace life’s boundless possibilities – the Board brings g g vision is a high-profile together a rich, complementary range of industrial expertise, entrepreneurial spirit, financial acumen and g Board of Directors, g gg a deep commitment to sustainability to ensure swift bringing together a and in-depth insight into the development challenges facing EssilorLuxottica, taking into account the social Francesco Milleri Paul du Saillant Margot Bard Romolo Bardin Jean-Luc Biamonti wealth of experience, and environmental implications of its business. Non-Independent Director Non-Independent Director Director representing Non-Independent Director Independent Director diverse perspectives Chairman and CEO Deputy CEO of employees Start date: Oct. 2018 Lead Director Steadfastly focused on fostering and accelerating of EssilorLuxottica EssilorLuxottica Start date: Sept. 2021 Renewal: May 2021 - Apr. 2024 Start date: May 2021 and forward-thinking EssilorLuxottica’s transition into a leading med-tech Stajrt)datej: Ojct). 201j8 Start date: Mar. 2020 Renewal date: Sept. 2024 End date: 2026 Renewal: Apr. 2024 Renewal: May 2021 - Apr. 2024 organization, the Board serves as a guiding force, Renewal: May 2021 - Apr. 2024 End date: 2027 End date: 2027 leadership. End date: 2027 End date: 2027 steering the Group with purpose and integrity. Through bold decisions, open dialogue and long- term vision, it ensures that we shape a future where human potential is empowered through better vision and hearing – for all. j j j j A Board driving impact and innovation Séjb+astjienj +Brojwn Marie-Christine José Gonzalo Virginie Mario Notari 7 9 Director representing Coisne-Roquette Independent Director Mercier Pitre Non-Independent Director employees Independent Director Start date: May 2021 Director representative of Independent Directors Meetings in 2024 Start date: June 2022 Start date: Sept. 2021 Start date: May 2021 Valoptec(a) Renewal: Apr. 2024 , association of Renewal: Apr. 2024 Renewal: Sept. 2024 Renewal: Apr. 2024 End date: 2026 shareholders employees 2 End date: 2026 97.62% End date: 2027 End date: 2027 and former employees Directors representing employees Attendance rate in 2024 j, j j, j Non-independent Director Start date: Jan. 2022 Renewal: Apr. 2024 1 58.33% End date: 2026 Director representing Valoptec (a) Independence j- j j- j Director’s nationality Gender balance 6 France 6 5 Swati A. Piramal Cristina Scocchia Nathalie von Siemens Andrea Zappia Italy Women Ind 1 Germany je.pendjentj D.irecjtor Independent Director(b) Independent Director Independent Director(b) Start date: May 2021 Start date: Oct. 2018 Start date: May 2021 Start date: May 2021 Renewal: Apr. 2024 Renewal: May 2021 - Apr. 2024 Renewal: Apr. 2024 Renewal: Apr. 2024 1 End date: 2026 End date: 2026 End date: 2026 End date: 2026 India 8 Men 1 Monaco j/ j j/ j (a) Valoptec is not an employees’ shareholding representative body within the meaning of Article L.225-23 of the French Commercial Code. (a) Valoptec is not an employees’ shareholding representative body within the meaning of Article L.225-23 of the French Commercial Code. (b) (a)Q Vuaalliofipetde ca sis a nno itn adnip eemndpelonyt eDeisre’ cshtoarr ebhyo dldeirnogg aretiporne sfreonmta tthivee cbriotedryia w ditehfiinn ethde b my ethaen iAngFE oPf- AMrEtiDclFeE LD.2 C25o-d2e3; o sfe teh eS eFcrteionnch 4 C.4o omf mtheer cUianli vCeorsdael . (bR) eQguisatlriafiteiodna Ds oacnuimndeenpt.endent Director by derogation from the criteria defined by the AFEP-MEDEF Code; see Section 4.4 of the 2024 Universal Registration Document. 132 EssilorLuxottica  2024 Universal Registration Document j0j j0j 6 7 EssilorLuxottica 2024 Annual Report Sound sales growth and margin expansion in 2024 Revenue‭ ‬ Operating margin adjusted €‭26.5 ‭bn 17% +6.0%‭ ‬ up 50bps vs‭. ‬2023‭*‬ vs‭. ‬2023‭*‬ Free cash flow‭ ‬ Group net profit adj‭usted €‭2.4‭bn +‬9.8% vs‭. ‬2023‭*‬ Capital expenditure‭ ‬ Dividend proposed‭ €‭1.5‭bn ‬€‭3.95‭ p‬ er share scrip dividend option 2019 – 2024: Six years of EssilorLuxottica (millions of Euro) +81.4% Breakdown of 2024 sales (as %) +61.1% Revenue by geography Revenue by product Revenue by segment +57.0% +52.4% Professional Solutions Direct to Consumer 44% 47% 74% 47% North America North America Vision care Professional Solutions 33% 40% 23% 40% EMEA EMEA Sun business Brick and mortar 17% 8% 3% 7% Asia-Pacific Asia-Pacific Other** E-commerce 17,390 26,508 2,812 4,414 1,938 3,122 59,421 107,789 6% 5% 6% Latin America Latin America Managed Vision Care Revenue Operating profit Group net profit Market adjusted* adjusted* capitalization at December 31 * At constant exchange rate * Adjusted measures or figures: adjusted from the expenses or income related to the combination of Essilor and Luxottica, the acquisition ** Apparel, footwear & accessories, smart glasses of GrandVision, other strategic and material acquisitions, and other transactions that are unusual, infrequent or unrelated to the normal course of business as the impact of these events might affect the understanding of the Group’s performance. A description of those other transactions that are unusual, infrequent or unrelated to the normal course of business is provided in the half-year and year-end disclosure. 8 9 EssilorLuxottica 2024 Annual Report (a) 26.5 bn 2024 25.4 bn 2023 (a) (a) 24.5 bn 2022 (a) (a) 19.8 bn 2021 14.4 bn 2020 17.4 bn 2019 2018: ESSILORLUXOTTICA COMBINATION COMPLETED 2015 (a) 2012 (a) (d) (a)(e) (a) 2008 (a) 2007 (a) (a) (a) (a) 2003 (a) (a) (a) (c) (b) (a) EssilorLuxottica revenue 1988 Essilor revenue Luxottica revenue 30 bn 25 bn 20 bn 15 bn 10 bn 5 bn 0 bn (a) Licensing agreement. (b) Transitions Optical, a joint venture established with PPG Industries and Essilor, has been fully owned by Essilor since 2014. (c) Nikon-Essilor Co Ltd is a joint venture between Essilor and Nikon Corporation to distribute lens technologies under the Nikon brand. (d) Acquisition of a 50% stake. Shamir Optical has been fully owned by EssilorLuxottica since 2022. (e) A perpetual global license agreement has been signed in 2023. 16 17 EssilorLuxottica 2024 Annual Report Enhancing quality of life and human connections, transforming the way consumers experience the world • Strong acceleration of AI-powered Ray-Ban I Meta glasses • Launch of FDA-cleared and EU-certified Nuance Audio in the US and in Europe • Acquisition of AI-driven noise reduction and voice enhancement startup Pulse Audition Our commitment to transforming lives and how people Pioneering the future of technology, eye health and human connection. Anchored in a transformative vision for long-term growth is built Improving lives globally through advanced medical Accelerating the adoption of groundbreaking on three pillars: med-tech technologies and an expanding array of clinical care technologies, combining innovation with offerings desirability and cultural relevance advancements, wearables, AI and digital innovation, and the • Acquisition of Heidelberg Engineering, specializing • New licensing agreement with Diesel in diagnostic solutions, digital surgical technologies and first Moncler collection power of our iconic brands. and healthcare IT for clinical ophthalmology • Licensing renewals with Dolce&Gabbana, • Acquisition of Espansione Group, focusing on Michael Kors and Prada These pillars expand the non-invasive medical devices for the diagnosis and • Acquisition of the Supreme lifestyle brand horizons of the optical industry treatment of dry-eye, ocular surface and retinal diseases unlocking new synergies • Acquisition of Cellview Imaging, specializing in for cross-sector innovation innovative diagnostics via retinal imaging for the early diagnosis of retinal pathologies to address patients and • Strengthening of the myopia management platform consumers’ evolving needs. with Stellest 18 19 BRAND PORTFOLIO GO-TO-MARKET EssilorLuxottica 2024 Annual Report A transformative vision Our business model built on legacies At the heart of our success is our pioneering In 2021, the acquisition of GrandVision business model. Rooted in the visionary completed the visionary project of Underpinning our vision for the future is a platform of strategic decision of Leonardo Del Vecchio to EssilorLuxottica, significantly expanding the assets that bolster EssilorLuxottica’s competitive edge and fuel produce complete frames rather than just Group’s Direct to Consumer footprint in Europe. our determination to accelerate industry growth. components, our vertically integrated model spans the entire value chain, from design EssilorLuxottica operates an open and non- At the centre is our unique business model, inspired by a clear and manufacturing to wholesale, retail and exclusive business model (network company), Mission and sustainability approach, and supported by e-commerce. This strategic evolution reached designed to create value for all stakeholders, a historic milestone with the merger of Essilor including customers, consumers, employees, and Luxottica, creating a fully integrated shareholders, business partners, suppliers and OUR TALENTED PEOPLE, global leader. By uniting lenses, frames and communities. As an industry leader, we leverege distribution under one roof, we shape the future our strengths to drive positive change while OUR INNOVATION CAPABILITIES, of vision care, delivering innovation upholding excellence and remaining steadfast in and excellence to millions around the world. our commitment to innovation. OUR GLOBAL OPERATIONS AND POWERFUL SUPPLY CHAIN, OUR WORLD-FAMOUS BRAND PORTFOLIO, OUR COMPREHENSIVE GO-TO-MARKET STRATEGY. RAW MATERIALS RESEARCH PRODUCTION AND PRODUCT AND PROCESSING DEVELOPMENT By putting these distinctive pillars at play, we are uniquely positioned to drive the evolution and growth of the global industry for the benefit of all our stakeholders, while making our business profitable and sustainable in the long-term. OPERATIONS Manufacturing of vision care products, eyewear and med-tech solutions Distribution GO-TO-MARKET Direct to Consumer Professional Solutions Brick and mortar Customers E-commerce Consumers 20 21 EssilorLuxottica 2024 Annual Report PEOPLE INNOVATION OPERATIONS BRAND PORTFOLIO GO-TO-MARKET Pushing the boundaries EssilorLuxottica leads the world of optical science, exploring new scientific territories and advancing vision care through of what’s possible groundbreaking research in vision science, optical physics, biomechanics, neurosciences, pharmacology, AI and big data. Fueled by pioneering R&D, we are From myopia management to near-vision correction and light management technologies, we engineer next-generation redefining the future of eye health tech and innovations to enhance visual health and performance. human experiences. With an expanding focus on ophthalmology and clinical From life-enhancing med-tech solutions ophthalmology, we pioneer science-powered breakthroughs in diagnostics, surgical guidance and chronic eye condition embodying the best of science to category- management. defining wearables transforming how consumers engage with the world, we This scientific expertise, combined with a patient-first approach, is opening new frontiers in eye health and are entering an era of unprecedented transforming millions of lives globally. opportunities. With our iconic, culture- shaping brands, we deliver beauty and innovation without compromise, accelerating the adoption of next-gen technology. Our vision is clear: we are building a transformative platform that reimagines the eyes as a gateway to endless possibilities, seamlessly bridging human intelligence and AI, reality and the digital world. We have the most extensive research capabilities in the optical industry The Group draws on a cutting-edge innovation ecosystem to enhance the scientific expertise of its researchers, engineers and designers at 51 research centers across the world. In addition to investments in innovative tech startups, to drive innovation EssilorLuxottica also builds academic and research collaborations with leading universities, OUR LEADERSHIP IN MYOPIA MANAGEMENT Driving scientific dialogue on myopia. Our commitment to scientific progress is further reflected in research centers and innovation clusters Expanding myopia management solutions. our engagement in global discourse, knowledge dissemination globally, spanning the full spectrum, from We continue to advance the frontiers of scientific research and and contributions to the field, including participation in leading upstream research to applied concepts and clinical practice with Stellest, now supported by six years of congresses such as ARVO and IMC, as well as the development robust clinical evidence demonstrating its efficacy, along with of specialized educational modules via the Leonardo learning market implementation. the introduction of a sun-adaptive option to enhance myopia ecosystem. management in children across diverse environmental conditions. Another significant innovation, designated as a ‘breakthrough Advancing myopia management on a global scale. device’ by the US FDA, is DOT technology, marking a milestone in Looking forward, our research efforts are focused on elucidating the fight against the pediatric myopia epidemic. the underlying mechanisms of myopia, identifying early TO LEARN MORE, VISIT biomarkers of disease progression and pioneering a new era of NUANCEAUDIO.COM/EN-US precision myopia management through personalized, data-driven therapeutic strategies spearheaded by EssilorLuxottica. 24 25 EssilorLuxottica 2024 Annual Report PEOPLE INNOVATION OPERATIONS BRAND PORTFOLIO GO-TO-MARKET At EssilorLuxottica, we are paving the way for a future where a pair of stylish, beautifully crafted eyeglasses will become the next major technology computing platform – one that enhances daily life through seamlessly integrated medical services, performance optimization, information access and social entertainment, all while making wearable computing fashionable. With two million units sold since their launch and a strong acceleration in 2024, AI-powered Ray-Ban | Meta, developed in collaboration with Meta, is the first smart eyewear to crack the code for widespread adoption. With Ray-Ban | Meta, we connect millions of consumers more seamlessly to the people and activities they love. Significant progress is on the horizon as the most advanced multi-modal AI, already available in the US, Canada and Australia, expands globally. Aligned with our open model, we see this product like a shared platform, welcoming third-party brands and new functions, also in the form of subscription services. In light of these advancements and in line with our ambitious plan, we are scaling up production for Ray-Ban | Meta to reach ten million units annually by the end of next year. Francesco Milleri, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer The EssilorLuxottica Smart Eyewear Lab is the first-ever joint R&D platform developed in partnership with Politecnico di Milano. From eye-tracking to camera and sensor and optical integration, the Lab focuses on developing the next generation of smart glasses integrating hardware – such as electronics, sensors and processors – alongside algorithms and software featuring advanced signal and data processing, AI and machine learning. The Lab works as part of the Group’s global R&D platform, in close synergy with our hubs in Boston, Los Angeles, Tel Aviv, Créteil, Agordo and Dongguan. 26 27 EssilorLuxottica 2024 Annual Report PEOPLE INNOVATION OPERATIONS BRAND PORTFOLIO GO-TO-MARKET vision for what’s next. At EssilorLuxottica, consumer of design – from color palettes to material selection Our FDA-cleared and EU-certified Nuance and finishing details – creating eyewear that is not only Audio glasses are carving out a new market, esthetically appealing but also enhances emotional addressing the vastly underserved hearing connection and self-expression. needs of over one billion people with mild to With a portfolio of iconic brands, we continuously moderate hearing loss. raise the bar for desirability and cultural influence. The disruptive concept of beautiful, well- Each year, we add over 3,500 new models to fitting glasses with a groundbreaking open-ear our collections, with every frame telling a unique hearing solution at an accessible price, breaks story inspired by the evolving desires, dreams and down barriers of stigma, discomfort and aspirations of consumers worldwide. affordability. Drawing on influences from fashion, jewelry, sports More than just a combination of two medical performance and design, our engineers and innovators devices, Nuance Audio redefines smart glasses relentlessly push the boundaries of style and as a transformative platform that enhances craftsmanship, turning eyewear into bold statements. the two human senses we rely on most – vision and hearing – making life-changing technology more inclusive and within reach for those who need it most. Nuance audio is available for purchase in the US and Italy as of the first quarter of 2025. In the first half of the year, it will be progressively launched in France, Germany and the UK, with a gradual With the expertise of our data scientists, we are reinventing the consumer experience and elevating personalization to new heights. From advanced teleoptometry capabilities to AI-powered digital try-on experiences, we leverage data-driven insights and machine learning technologies to deliver ultra-personalized services tailored to each patient’s and consumer’s unique eye health, vision and lifestyle needs, paving the way for innovation that benefits the entire industry. TRANSFORMING VISUAL HEALTH We leverage AI and machine learning-powered web-based technology to enhance eyecare and early detection. From determining pupillary distance with precision to AI-driven retinal/OCT diagnostics that enable predictive and early disease detection, we are working to make eye health more accessible. PERSONALIZED EXPERIENCES THROUGH TECH We are reshaping how consumers choose eyewear with hyper- personalized, data-driven solutions: • Face Scanner and Frame Advisor to deliver tailored recommendations based on individual facial features and style preferences. • Virtual Try-On with: – Transitions Lens Virtual Try-On allowing users to explore and play with photochromic lenses in various activation tints, – Frame Removal that instantly replaces worn eyewear with digital 3D frames, – Photo-From-Gallery Virtual Try-On to help consumers select the perfect gift for their loved ones. 28 29 EssilorLuxottica 2024 Annual Report PEOPLE INNOVATION OPERATIONS BRAND PORTFOLIO GO-TO-MARKET Manufacturing Our operations lie at the core of EssilorLuxottica’s strategy, seamlessly EssilorLuxottica designs, manufactures and customizes corrective, plano and sun lenses to meet each individual’s blending centralized expertise in eyewear unique vision needs and lifestyle preferences. With a diverse manufacturing with a decentralized and extensive range of lenses, we serve every segment of the approach to prescription lens production. ophthalmic market, offering advanced solutions to address and correct key visual health challenges, including myopia, This unique balance enables us to hyperopia, presbyopia and astigmatism. Through continuous combine large-scale precision with tailored innovation, EssilorLuxottica is committed to enhancing vision, customization, delivering unrivaled quality, improving lives and shaping a clearer, brighter future for millions around the world. optimizing service with agility and speed, and fueling continuous innovation. By overseeing every single aspect of our business – from engineering to supply chain and logistics – our integrated model empowers our Group to meet the ever- evolving needs of consumers and fashion partners worldwide with passion, purpose and unparalleled excellence. With direct oversight of every step in the eyewear production – from raw materials to finished eyeglasses – we seamlessly combine the most exquisite craftsmanship, cutting-edge technology and regional expertise. Italy stands as the Group’s luxury eyewear production hub, Japan specializes in titanium and solid gold eyewear, and the US focuses on sports and high-performance designs. Combining tradition with innovation, we ensure that each pair of glasses is a true work of art, with every detail thoughtfully crafted to reflect a unique expression of personal style. 30 31 EssilorLuxottica 2024 Annual Report 32 optical and sun lens units by region Asia-Pacific value by region Asia-Pacific PEOPLE INNOVATION OPERATIONS BRAND PORTFOLIO GO-TO-MARKET mass production plants 31.9% 55% 14 eyewear mass EMEA (Italy only) EMEA (Italy only) production plants 10% 61 industrial labs 10% North America North America 501 proximity labs 6.7% 3% Latin America Latin America North America EMEA 3 mass production facilities 10 mass production facilites 124 labs 84 labs 24 distribution centers 43 distribution centers Ennis Tuam Dudley Danyang Grünenplan Dongguan Jiaxing Bellegarde-sur-Valserine Shanghai Pusan Dijon Fukui Foothill Ranch Xiamen Ligny-en-Barrois Tijuana Pinellas Park Sézanne Chihuahua Kibbutz Shamir Bhiwadi Hal Duong Goa Chonburi Manaus Bataan Lat Krabang Laguna Agordo Rayong Cencenighe Citta Sant’Angelo Savannakhet Lauriano Campinas Pederobba Senai Latin America Rovereto 3 mass production facilities 175 labs Sedico 19 distribution centers 34 35 VISION CARE VVIISSIIOONN CCAARREE VISION CARE VISION CARE EYEWEAR EEYYEEWWEEAARR EYEWEAR EYEWEAR EssilorLuxottica 2024 Annual Report INSTRUMENTS & EQUIPMENT IINNSSTTRRUUMMEENNTTSS && EEQQUUIIIPPNMMSETENRNUTTMENTS & EQUIPMENT A rich portfolio of NEW CATEGORIES brands and technologies NNEEWW CCAATTEEGGOORRIIEESS NEW CATEGORIES NEW CATEGORIES well-recognized vision care and eyewear brands in the world. With a portfolio of proprietary and licensed brands that cover a wide range of market segments, we tap into the needs and desires of consumers. By fostering a strong pipeline of OPTICAL innovation, we deliver superior-quality products and services O PTTICI CAALL VISION CARE VISION CARE EYEWEAR EYEWEAR Proprietary and licensed brands SUN APPAREL, FOOTWEAR, AND ACCESSORIES SSUUSNUNSNUN AAPAPPAAPRPAREPRELAEL,R,LF EF,OLFO,OOFTOTWTWOEWTEAWEARAR,ER,A , R, SUN APPAREL, FOOTWEAR, AND ACCESSORIES PPUURREE O ONNLILNIEN E PPUPURUREPRE UOE ORNOENLNOLINILNIENLEIENE PURE ONLINE INSTRUMENTS & EQUIPMENT INSTRUMENTS & EQUIPMENT 36 37 NEW CATEGORIES NEW CATEGORIES EssilorLuxottica 2024 Annual Report A true omni-channel approach to distribution PEOPLE INNOVATION OPERATIONS BRAND PORTFOLIO GO-TO-MARKET Professional Solutions Direct to Consumer Wholesale Brick and mortar stores 150+ 300,000 17,638 countries optical partners including franchising and licensing E-commerce • EssilorLuxottica 360, Essilor Experts, STARS online channels • Vision Source, PERC/IVA and Opti-Port designed to elevate their practices and put patient care at the center Managed Vision Care • 9+ million hours in up to 30 languages since its creation • 70,500 live sessions with 3.4 mn participants Brick and mortar footprint 17,638 North America EMEA Empowering vision, 4,296 7,342 Optical Optical strengthening connections LensCrafters Apollo Pearle Vision Atasun Optik Target Optical David Clulow Sun Générale d’Optique At EssilorLuxottica, our global distribution network Oakley GrandOptical is a driving force behind our commitment to Ray-Ban GrandVision Sunglass Hut Luxoptica reshaping the future of vision, eye health and style. MasVisión With meaningful, lasting connections to over Latin America MultiÓpticas Pearle Asia-Pacific 300,000 wholesale partners, 18,000 proprietary 3,668 Salmoiraghi & Viganò 2,332 retail stores worldwide and 72 e-commerce Optical Synoptik GMO Vision Express Optical Aojo platforms, we are uniquely positioned to anticipate GrandVision Sun Bolon and meet the ever-changing consumer needs and MasVisión Oakley LensCrafters Óticas Carol Ray-Ban Mujosh preferences. This insight enables us to stay ahead Sun Solaris OPSM of trends, create memorable experiences and Oakley Sunglass Hut Sun Ray-Ban deliver exceptional value where it matters most. Oakley Solaris Ray-Ban We operate one of the fastest-growing managed Sunglass Hut Sunglass Hut vision care companies through EyeMed Vision Care, serving 80 million members in the US. 24% 13% 77% North America Asia-Pacific Optical 42% 21% 23% EMEA Latin America Sun & Other 38 39