Sustainability Report General Disclosures 1 General Disclosures Sustainability at EssilorLuxottica Doing good for its employees, customers, consumers, and communities in outreach initiatives, its Eyes on the Planet communities while doing good for the planet is at the core of program consistently supports its Mission. EssilorLuxottica’s sustainability program called Eyes on the Planet. Its commitment to carbon emissions reduction, Through its sustainability strategy and the philanthropic circularity, world sight, inclusion, and ethics reaffirm how its initiatives led by the OneSight EssilorLuxottica Foundation, the Mission, sustainability, and business strategy are strongly Company contributes to 13(1) of the 17 UN Sustainable intertwined. Development Goals (SDGs) that form the 2030 Agenda. In addition, the UN General Assembly resolution on vision(2) further From fighting climate change, managing and reducing water supports EssilorLuxottica’s own ambition to eliminate use at manufacturing sites, improving occupational Health & uncorrected poor vision in a generation. Safety, and ensuring equal opportunities to engaging local Eyes on the Planet program External recognition SBTi validation with 5 strategic pillars AAA ESG rated from MSCI, of near-term emission constituent of the Dow Jones Best-in- reduction targets Class Europe Index Included in FT Diversity Leaders list A- score in CDP Climate Change and B score in CDP Water Security 58% of renewable energy in the Alternative materials 63% valorised waste in 2024 Group’s energy mix 43% of collections launched in 2024 having alternative materials 86.8 million 979 million >5,500 employees People in underserved communities People with permanent access volunteering equipped with eyeglasses to vision care since 2013 vs. 3,800 in 2023 > 9 million >83,500 > 195,000 employees Leonardo education hours Employee Shareholders 60% Female and 35% female senior since 2021 executives First gender parity Launch of Inclusion Committee OneSight EssilorLuxottica certificate obtained in Italy Foundation collaboration with World Health Organization to advance global vision care under SPECS 2030 Initiative (1) SDG 3 ‘Good health and well-being', SDG 4 ‘Quality education’, SDG 5 ‘Gender equality’, SDG 6 ‘Clean water and sanitation’, SDG 7 ‘Affordable and clean energy’, SDG 8 ‘Decent work and economic growth’, SDG 9 ‘Industry, innovation and infrastructure’, SDG 10 ‘Reduced inequalities’, SDG 11 ‘Sustainable cities and communities’, SDG 12 ‘Responsible consumption and production’, SDG 13 ‘Climate action’, SDG 16 ‘Peace, justice and strong institutions’ and SDG 17 ‘Partnerships for the goals’. (2) UN General Assembly resolution ‘Vision for Everyone: accelerating action to achieve the Sustainable Development Goals’ available at un.org. 2 EssilorLuxottica òò 2024 Sustainability Report Sustainability Report General Disclosures Eyes on the Planet, EssilorLuxottica’s advocacy for vision care in underserved communities Sustainability Program through the OneSight EssilorLuxottica Foundation. Recognized for its global impact, EssilorLuxottica earned a Sustainability is deeply rooted at the core of EssilorLuxottica, spot in Fortune magazine’s ‘Change the World’ list for the both as an essential part of the Company’s DNA and key to fourth time. In addition, the Company continues its efforts to continuing its history of corporate responsibility to help people make art accessible for all through the ‘Eyes on Art’ initiative. ‘see more and be more’. First presented in 2021, Eyes on the • Eyes on Inclusion: The Company seeks to develop a culture Planet is based on five key pillars described below: Eyes on of learning, diversity and safety along with a working Carbon, Eyes on Circularity, Eyes on World Sight, Eyes on environment that offers everybody the same opportunities Inclusion and Eyes on Ethics. Each pillar has a clear commitment on the basis of merit and without discrimination. 2024 and is broken down into a set of core activities that are easy to marked significant progress in the Company’s Diversity, recognize in the Company’s business model, offering presence Equity and Inclusion (DE&I) efforts and in the deployment of and connection with local communities and territories. its culture of health, safety and well-being in the workplace. Key milestones included: the publication of the Global EHS • Eyes on Carbon: EssilorLuxottica is committed to addressing Policy as part of the Company’s commitment to safeguarding climate change and preserving the environment by the environment, Health & Safety of its employees, business improving energy efficiency across facilities, increasing the partners, customers and local communities; the introduction self-production and use of renewable energy, and of the Global DE&I Policy to embed inclusive principles; the supporting the protection and restoration of natural launch of the Inclusion Committee to monitor equality on a ecosystems. Key milestones include reducing and global scale and the rollout of ‘Your Voice’, a worldwide neutralizing the carbon footprint of its direct operations platform amplifying employee feedback. (Scopes 1 and 2) globally by 2025 (already achieved in Europe in 2023). In addition, in 2024, Group’s emissions • Eyes on Ethics: EssilorLuxottica’s vertically-integrated reduction targets were validated by the Science-Based business model is the key to delivering and ensuring a fair Targets initiative (SBTi), marking a key milestone in the and ethical business approach wherever it has a presence. Company’s efforts to reduce the environmental impact The Company’s Code of Ethics and Business Partners’ Code across its entire value chain. of Conduct establish harmonized practices and protect human and labor rights across its entire value chain, as per • Eyes on Circularity: at EssilorLuxottica, sustainability goes the International Bill of Human Rights and ILO Conventions. hand-in-hand with products and services, right from the In 2024, the Group reinforced its ethical business approach development phase. The Company’s efforts focus on with the launch of a new Anti-Money Laundering Policy, optimizing the use of resources while ensuring high product among others, and dedicated training programs for its Code standards, with the objective to shift from fossil-based of Ethics and anti-corruption. materials to bio-based and/or recycled materials and embed eco-design in all its innovation developments by end of 2025. Ever since its launch, the Company and its subsidiaries have Additional efforts include increasing internal recycling been consistently executing projects and initiatives under each capabilities and implementing circular services to extend Eyes on strategic pillar of the program, aiming to further embed product life or give products a second life. sustainability into its business model. By advancing its Eyes on • Eyes on World Sight: Based on its belief that good vision is a the Planet program, EssilorLuxottica contributes to its Mission basic human right, the Group has an ambition to eliminate and involves the entire organization in addressing uncorrected poor vision in a generation and make vision care environmental protection, employee well-being and the accessible to everyone, everywhere. This responsibility is economic and social progress of the local communities it serves. embedded in corporate citizenship initiatives, such as 1.1 Basis for Preparation 1.1.1 General Basis for Preparation The Group discloses, within this sustainability report as of of Sustainability Statements December 31, 2024, the material disclosure requirements provided by the ESRS and expected by its stakeholders. EssilorLuxottica’s sustainability report has been prepared as part Boundaries of the sustainability report of the first application of the legal and regulatory requirements following the transposition of the European directive on the The perimeter considered for the consolidation of the publication of corporate sustainability information (Corporate sustainability information is based on the same consolidation Sustainability Reporting Directive – ‘CSRD Directive’) and in principles as the consolidated financial statements and accordance with the ESRS issued and adopted by the European comprises the parent company EssilorLuxottica and its Union from January 1, 2024 to December 31, 2024. This subsidiaries. Given the specificity of the Group’s retail network, consolidated sustainability report has been prepared under the franchise operations are not included, consistently with the responsibility of the Board of Directors. It was approved and absence of operational control. authorized for issue on February 12, 2025. EssilorLuxottica òò 2024 Sustainability Report 3 Sustainability Report General Disclosures To strengthen knowledge on sustainability reporting The EssilorLuxottica Corporate Sustainability function directly requirements and on the concrete application of the Double reports to the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer and leads Materiality Assessment within the Company’s sustainability efforts on environmental and social challenges while enhancing strategy, directors are periodically involved in specific Board the development of its Company-wide sustainability strategy induction sessions on sustainability topics held by the and program Eyes on the Planet. management of the relevant functions and third-party experts. For other information on the composition, expertise and skills of In this respect, the Corporate Sustainability function involves Directors, please refer to Chapter 4 of the 2024 Universal and coordinates with other departments, functions, business Registration Document. units and brands in the execution and development of the Group’s Eyes on the Planet sustainability program at global and EssilorLuxottica’s Board of Directors oversees sustainability local levels in a way that is consistent with EssilorLuxottica’s strategy and execution as per the Eyes on the Planet program, Mission and business strategy. By so doing, the Group’s including the assessment and management of sustainability sustainability commitments and goals are translated into impacts, risks and opportunities (IROs). In this regard, the Chief practical action plans that are regularly reviewed and updated Corporate Sustainability Officer and other managers actively according to the five Eyes on pillars of the program (Carbon, involved in sustainability provide regular updates to the Board Circularity, Ethics, Inclusion, and World Sight). and its committees on environmental, social and governance matters. Nine sustainability professionals reporting to the Chief Corporate Sustainability Officer assist different functions, • Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR) Committee: its main business units, brands and subsidiaries with the implementation duty is to ensure that the Group effectively addresses the of the Eyes on the Planet program and activate the necessary deployment of its Mission, which is fully integrated in its synergies. In addition, most functions and business units have a strategy. The CSR Committee also addresses the sustainability contact person, while the Operations function has deployment of the Group’s Eyes on the Planet sustainability a specific Sustainability team dedicated to Product and program. As detailed in Chapter 4 of the 2024 Universal Operations Sustainability. As a result, EssilorLuxottica has a Registration Document, CSR Committee duties go beyond network of over 120 people working on sustainability projects philanthropy, sustainable programs, and compliance to and initiatives and this number is expected to increase as the address how the Company manages its economic, social and Corporate Sustainability function expands the implementation environmental impacts as well as its relationships with of the Eyes on the Planet program to new departments, stakeholders; business units and subsidiaries consistent with the sustainability • Audit and Risk Committee: its main duties include ensuring strategic priorities emerged in the Double Materiality the integrity of the financial statements and reviewing the Assessment that was conducted in 2024. risk assessment and risk management processes, including ESG risks, information security and cybersecurity risks. In this Role and expertise of administrative, management respect, the CSR Committee coordinates its work with the and supervisory bodies related to business conduct Audit and Risk Committee in carrying out its oversight of The Board of Directors directs EssilorLuxottica’s business and corporate processes aimed at identifying and managing oversees its implementation and is responsible for ensuring that sustainability issues and the corresponding impacts, risks and the highest standards of responsible business conduct and the opportunities (IROs). To this regard, following two joint- principles set in the Code of Ethics are applied throughout the meetings with the CSR Committee also attended by the Group. Chief Corporate Sustainability Officer of the Group in 2024, the two committees updated the Board of Directors on the Subject to the powers expressly granted to the Shareholders’ Double Materiality Assessment, through which the Meeting, the limitations set forth by the bylaws of identification of sustainability priority topics and the analysis EssilorLuxottica and within the limits of the corporate purpose, of the associated impacts on the environment and people, the Board of Directors deals with all matters concerning the including impacts on Human Rights, and ESG risks have proper management of EssilorLuxottica and its group, in been carried out; accordance with the Board of Directors’ Internal Rules. Upon the proposal of the Company’s management, the Board of • Nomination and Compensation Committee: its main duties Directors determines the Company’s multi-annual strategic include the assessment of company and executive guidelines on social and environmental responsibility. performance, including the definition of the sustainability criterion for the long-term incentive scheme in The balance of power within the Company’s bodies is ensured connection with the Eyes on the Planet program and the by the composition of the Board of Directors and its assessment of its achievement rate. committees, which comprise a high proportion of independent Directors and members having a wide diversity of profiles and To learn more about the Committees of the Board of Directors, skills, as shown in Section 4.1.1.2 Expertise and Skills of refer to Chapter 4 of the 2024 Universal Registration Document. Directors of the 2024 Universal Registration Document. 6 EssilorLuxottica òò 2024 Sustainability Report Sustainability Report General Disclosures With reference to business conduct, the Group’s CSR and Audit committees are set on a regular basis to discuss progress on & Risk Committees, Compliance department, and sustainability reporting, the deployment of the Company’s Eyes whistleblowing procedure for employees and third parties on the Planet sustainability program, and the management of ensure that EssilorLuxottica’s Code of Ethics and Business associated material impacts, risks, and opportunities. By so Partners’ Code of Conduct are respected and duly applied. The doing, each Director in the two committees and the Board at CSR Committee reviews and monitors the Company’s policies large have a clear understanding of EssilorLuxottica’s on compliance and ethics matters and the systems and environmental, social and ethical priorities and can address procedures in place to implement these policies and provides them strategically, as well as when reviewing major transactions the Board of Directors with its views. or M&A deals. For very specific sustainability compliance aspects, training sessions with external experts are also The CSR Committee is notably responsible for making evaluated and performed upon advice of the Chief Corporate recommendations to the Board of Directors for the following: Sustainability Officer and the General Counsel. • to review the definition of the Group’s core values and ethics and compliance policy; 1.2.3 Integration of Sustainability- • to review and put forward proposals to promote the corporate culture and employee shareholding; Related Performance in Incentive • to promote ethics and ensure harmonization of ethical rules Schemes within the Group’s entities and monitor their compliance The remuneration policy for corporate officers is defined by the thereto; it reviews the organization of the Compliance Board of Directors based on recommendations from the function and makes recommendations if any; Nomination and Compensation Committee and embeds • to review the Group’s Code of Ethics, rules and procedures; sustainability considerations aligned with the Group’s strategic • to receive, on an annual basis, the presentation of the priorities in this area, as presented in Chapter 4 of the 2024 Group’s risk map concerning ethics and compliance; it Universal Registration Document. reviews the risks thus identified and is kept informed of their In 2024, on the recommendations of the Nomination and evolution and of the characteristics of their management Compensation Committee, the Board of Directors revised the systems. criteria for the long-term incentive plan. Besides share price performance, the plan is now subject to a financial objective and 1.2.2 Information Provided to and a corporate social responsibility (CSR) commitment. The Sustainability Matters Addressed performance conditions governing the long-term incentive by EssilorLuxottica’s scheme include a specific performance indicator reflecting the Group’s long-term commitment to climate change in Administrative, Management accordance with its Eyes on the Planet sustainability program. and Supervisory Bodies The introduction of a CSR criterion is indeed intended to reinforce commitment to sustainability over the long term. In 2024, EssilorLuxottica conducted its first Double Materiality Assessment, which is reassessed on a timely basis and will be According to the 2024-2027 long-term incentive plan presented updated over the upcoming years. in Chapter 4 of the 2024 Universal Registration Document, the CSR criterion represents 20% of the vesting criteria. The chosen The analysis was finalized with two workshops held with the criterion is represented by the total level of carbon emissions in Group’s Top Management, to review and discuss the materiality 2026 considering EssilorLuxottica’s environmental sustainability assessment process and confirm or review the materiality of any roadmap. sustainability Impact, Risk and Opportunity (IRO). The assessment scale for this criterion has been defined by the In addition, through the preparation of periodic presentations, Board of Directors, in line with the science-based carbon the Chief Corporate Sustainability Officer provided information reduction targets validated by the Science-Based Targets on the outcome of the Double Materiality Assessment as well as initiative, and is reported in Chapter 4 of the 2024 Universal on the progress of the 2024 sustainability reporting campaign to Registration Document. The targeted emissions include all the the CSR and Audit & Risk Committees. The Board of Directors Group’s Scope 1 (direct) and Scope 2 (purchased energy) acknowledged those meetings and validated the results of the emissions and the Scope 3 (indirect) emissions deriving from Double Materiality Assessment in terms of material topics, i) Purchased goods and services (not including Equipment, material IROs and representation within this Chapter. Instruments and Wearables sub-categories), ii) fuel- and energy- In consideration of the evolution in sustainability reporting related activities, iii) upstream transportation and iv) waste requirements, joint meetings with both CSR and Audit & Risk generated in Operations. EssilorLuxottica òò 2024 Sustainability Report 7 Sustainability Report General Disclosures 1.2.4 Statement on Due Diligence Paragraphs in the Core elements of due diligence sustainability statement a) Embedding due diligence in governance, strategy, and business model 2.3 EssilorLuxottica b) Engaging with affected stakeholders in all key steps of the due diligence Vigilance Plan (see page 94 of the 2024 Universal c) Identifying and assessing adverse impacts Registration Document) d) Taking actions to address those adverse impacts e) Tracking the effectiveness of these efforts and communicating 1.2.5 Risk Management and Internal Human Resources, Environment, Health & Safety, Leonardo, Controls Over Sustainability Operations & Product Sustainability, and Quality. The Corporate Sustainability function issues the reporting protocol that Reporting includes instructions and timelines to ensure a consistent and reliable data and consolidation process. Besides, the open As part of its commitment to mitigate environmental, social and communication line with the different functions involved allows governance risks, the Group has integrated the analysis of risks the understanding and analysis of the sustainability data and related to sustainability topics into the annual risk assessment enables consistency in the calculation approaches including process conducted by the Risk Management function. The estimations. Regular meetings are organized with these description of the main risks identified that may affect the functions to improve the reporting processes. In addition, to Group, which include Reporting & Communication risk, is ensure that the sustainability reporting process is appropriate, presented in Chapter 2 of the 2024 Universal Registration specific controls and/or audits are performed by the Internal Document. This assessment needs to be read in conjunction Control and Internal Audit Functions as second and third lines with the main characteristics of the risk management and of defence, on strategic topics for the Group. Ad-hoc action internal control systems implemented by the Company as plans have been defined between the Corporate Sustainability described in Chapter 2 of the 2024 Universal Registration function, the involved functions together with the support of Document. Internal Control to implement the identified improvement The Corporate Sustainability function is responsible for the points. New processes have been implemented following these preparation of the consolidated sustainability report of recommendations. The results of the Internal Audit activities EssilorLuxottica. It facilitates and coordinates the different related to sustainability reporting are also periodically reported functions contributing to the sustainability reporting such as to the Audit and Risk Committee and to senior management. 1.3 Strategy 1.3.1 Strategy, Business Model In this respect, sustainability is a key driver of the Group’s and Value Chain innovation and growth story. With eco-design being a cornerstone of the Group’s innovation strategy, EssilorLuxottica EssilorLuxottica is a global leader in the design, manufacture places sustainability at the heart of product development. And a and distribution of ophthalmic lenses, frames, sunglasses and strong focus is put on reducing its product environmental medical technologies. With over 200,000 people in the footprint with thorough consideration of environmental impact workforce across 150 countries, more than 600 operations along every step of the product development process and life facilities and approximately 17,600 stores, in 2024, the Company cycle. generated consolidated revenue of €26.5 billion. Its mission is to The Company operates an open, collaborative business model, help people around the world to ‘see more and be more’ by that creates value for all stakeholders, including customers, addressing their evolving vision needs and personal style consumers, employees, shareholders, business partners and aspirations. suppliers as well as the communities where the Company The Company operates a vertically integrated business model operates. By partnering with key industry players, the Group directly covering every single step of the value creation process, develops groundbreaking eyecare and eyewear solutions that from product design and development to distribution, starting meet the world’s growing vision care demands and changing with a powerful R&D platform committed to making consumer lifestyles while inventing new ways to reach EssilorLuxottica a laboratory for med-tech, design and the billions of people who suffer from uncorrected vision. innovation. 8 EssilorLuxottica òò 2024 Sustainability Report Sustainability Report General Disclosures As detailed in Chapter 1 of the 2024 Universal Registration Professional Solutions are complemented by an extensive Document, EssilorLuxottica’s global footprint is well balanced global Direct to Consumer network that offers the Group a and diversified and it guarantees the highest levels of service. unique understanding of consumer trends, both globally and locally, by cultivating relationships with millions of consumers Manufacturing is backed by a wide-reaching Professional every day, offering them high-quality vision care products, Solutions network that serves wholesale customers with a expert advice and iconic brands. These distribution channels are unique combination of high-quality vision care products, iconic complemented by branded e-commerce platforms as well as brands, and cutting-edge digital services and solutions. pure digital players. EssilorLuxottica òò 2024 Sustainability Report 9 Sustainability Report General Disclosures Innovation and technological development are core priorities pathways to decarbonization and further integrate sustainability for EssilorLuxottica and are pursued thanks to a global R&D into its business and value creation model. Opportunities for network focused on four areas: bringing vision to new heights; value creation also emerged within the Double Materiality powering style; making eyewear a gateway into new worlds; and Assessment the Company performed during the year. In this digitizing the industry from the ground up. respect, the incorporation of the double materiality principles in the way EssilorLuxottica engages with its stakeholders In addition, the Company’s science-aligned climate targets strengthened the alignment between financial and sustainability reinforce its commitment to leading the industry toward an considerations. The assessment confirmed the Company’s equitable and sustainable future. In line with its 2030 Scope 3 strategic approach to sustainability pursued through the Eyes emissions reduction target, EssilorLuxottica is committed to on the Planet program. By addressing each material topic and bringing its suppliers and business partners along the Group associated impacts, risks and opportunities in a structured decarbonization journey, in line with its open, collaborative and manner, EssilorLuxottica is able to align materiality insights with inclusive business model. actions for each pillar of its sustainability program, as Nevertheless, understanding value-chain vulnerabilities and exemplified below. opportunities allows EssilorLuxottica to implement clear 10 EssilorLuxottica òò 2024 Sustainability Report Sustainability Report General Disclosures 1.4 Impact, Risk and Opportunity Management 1.4.1 Description of the Processes facts and circumstances. Consequently, the Group followed the to Identify and Assess Material four-step approach suggested in ‘EFRAG IG 1: Materiality Assessment Implementation Guidance’ to identify its material Impacts, Risks and Opportunities sustainability topics: – EssilorLuxottica Double 1. Context analysis and identification of potential ESG topics; Materiality Assessment 2. Identification of actual and potential material impacts, risks, and opportunities; 1.4.1.1 Introduction 3. Assessment and determination of the material impacts, The ESRS (European Sustainability Reporting Standards) require risks, and opportunities related to sustainability matters; all companies within the scope of the Corporate Sustainability 4. Validation of the final list of material matters and reporting. Reporting Directive (CSRD) to report on sustainability matters based on a Double Materiality Assessment (DMA). which 1.4.1.2 Context analysis and identification expands the concept of materiality from a focus on financial of potential ESG topics materiality to one that includes a view of a company’s impact on The first step in the double materiality assessment concerned stakeholders and society. The assessment covers the following understanding the context in which EssilorLuxottica operates, dimensions: considering its global presence and the way it conducts its • ‘inside-out’ view (or impact perspective), i.e., if the ESG topic business. The scoping of the assessment included an relates to the company’s actual or potential material impacts identification of EssilorLuxottica’s main activities, strategy, the on people or the environment; and activities characterizing its vertically integrated business model, • ‘outside-in’ view (or financial perspective), i.e., if the ESG and key stakeholder groups. The approach drew from several topic triggers or may trigger material financial effects on the sources and incorporated an analysis relative to: company’s development, including cash flows, financial • the Group’s key activities, delineated in terms of production position and financial performance. processes, distribution channels, and geographical locations; Under this double materiality concept, a sustainability topic • the value chain, both upstream and downstream, in terms of meets the double materiality criteria if it is material from the involved business actors and the nature of their activities; impact perspective or from the financial perspective or from • identification of key stakeholders’ groups both within the both perspectives. EssilorLuxottica has implemented a process company and across the value chain and determining at aimed at assessing double materiality to enable the company to which stage of the materiality assessment process their identify how its business operations impact the environment engagement would be most appropriate. and the broader society including the affected stakeholders, throughout the value chain, while considering how external Building on the ten topics provided by the ESRS, a multiple- factors impact the undertaking’s development, performance, level analysis was conducted to ensure that all material topics and financial position. The identification and disclosure of were properly included in the assessment. The main steps material positive and negative impacts, and financial risks and entailed: opportunities (IROs) in connection with each sustainability topic • an analysis of EssilorLuxottica’s sustainability strategy, is the starting point for sustainable reporting under ESRS. focusing on the Company’s sustainability program, identified ESG risks and strategic objectives; EssilorLuxottica conducted its double materiality assessment between March and November 2024, with a final validation from • a benchmark analysis useful for identifying key ESG topics the Group’s top management and approval from the Board of considered material among a defined panel of industry Directors after the formal review of the Audit and Risk players; Committee. This assessment was jointly conducted by the • value chain’s analysis to identify topics that may impact key Corporate Sustainability, Finance and Risk Management actors, which could otherwise remain undetected; Departments involving different Group functions and will be • analysis of additional topics through international reassessed on a timely basis, when necessary, as provided by frameworks such as the Global Reporting Initiative (GRI), the ESRS. It is also important to consider that the ESRS do not Sustainability Accounting Standards Board (SASB), United mandate how the materiality assessment process shall be Nations Principles for Responsible Investment (UN PRI) and designed or conducted. In addition, no harmonized practice is Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs). available. Therefore, judgment is required to design a process that follows the standards and reflects the company’s specific EssilorLuxottica òò 2024 Sustainability Report 13 Sustainability Report General Disclosures The outcome of this analysis consisted of a list of 81 potentially take into consideration how the affected stakeholders may be material ESG matters (including all sub-topics included in ESRS), impacted without taking into consideration the existing categorized into Environmental, Social, Governance and Cross- mitigation measures. EssilorLuxottica relied on inputs from topic dimensions before considering any mitigation measures. sustainability, risks and subject matter experts related to several group functions for climate, environment, social, HSE, diversity, Through an online survey, a panel of 47 internal stakeholders equity and inclusion, product safety and innovation, circularity, were asked to identify, from this list, the matters they thought data privacy and governance matters. External stakeholders would not be material for EssilorLuxottica’s business and such as non-governmental organizations, suppliers, business additional specific topics which have not been identified yet. partners, financial analysts, customer representatives, doctors Then, through an internal workshop, organized with 10 internal and sectors associations, foundations and experts from stakeholders belonging to Group’s functions of Corporate academia to actively account for different perspectives about Sustainability, Risk Management and Finance, the final list of EssilorLuxottica’s sustainability performance have been potentially material ESG matters was validated and those included. matters were clustered into 25 ‘macro’ ESG matters. Internal stakeholders were asked to evaluate: This shortlist of potential ESG matters was conceived as the starting point for the subsequent impacts, risks, and • the impact materiality on scale, scope, irremediable opportunities identification and their assessment. character of impact(1) and likelihood; and • the financial materiality (on likelihood and economic, 1.4.1.3 Identification of potential material operational and reputation aspects) of the potential material impacts, risks and opportunities risks and opportunities of the ESG topics perceived as more Following the context analysis, impacts, risks, and opportunities material for them in relation to EssilorLuxottica’s business, connected with the sustainability matters across the Group’s based on their specific expertise and judgement. own operations and value chain were identified while External stakeholders, on the other hand, were asked to assess considering short-, medium-, and long-term perspectives. The the positive and negative impacts on likelihood and severity analysis included: (this grouping together the scale, scope and irremediability) for • extensive desk research on emerging industry and markets each IROs. To determine the materiality of the impacts, the trends and evidence; three mentioned criteria refer to: • benchmarking analysis of sustainability reports from 16 peers • scale: how severe are the (potential) negative and positive in the healthcare, fashion and retail industries; impacts; • analysis and mapping of the ESG risks identified within the • scope: how broad are the (potential) negative and positive ERM process during the previous reporting period (2023); impacts; • consultation with key internal stakeholders of the main • irremediable character of the impact: how difficult it is to functions, such as Corporate Sustainability, Risk reverse or compensate for the damage caused. Management and Finance; Both internal and external stakeholders scored the IROs through • specific focusing such as dependencies on biodiversity and detailed evaluation scales comprehensively explained via an ecosystems, sensitive sites and potential value chain impacts. online survey and had the opportunity to comment on the Through stakeholders’ consultation and additional inputs, all matters via open text fields. For the potential impacts, the material current and potential IROs were derived for the 25 ESG additional parameter of likelihood was scored. More specifically, matters. This comprehensive process yielded a list of the evaluation scales were developed on a range [1 to 5], in 87 potential material IROs. alignment with the existing ERM scale in place, already adopted in previous years’ risk assessments. Additionally, key internal 1.4.1.4 Assessment and identification of material stakeholders participated in in-depth interviews to further impacts, risks and opportunities explore the rationale behind the relevance of sustainability To determine the final material IROs, a comprehensive matters, based on their area of expertise. The online survey was stakeholder engagement plan was developed by selecting key sent to 115 internal stakeholders and 128 external stakeholders, internal and external stakeholders to be consulted via direct with a total of 134 responses received: 89 from internal methods (e.g., interviews, workshops and surveys) and indirect stakeholders and 45 from external stakeholders (i.e., response methods (e.g., external desk research) allowing the company to rates of 78% and 35% respectively). (1) Irremediability applies only to negative impacts. 14 EssilorLuxottica òò 2024 Sustainability Report Sustainability Report General Disclosures 1.4.1.6 Double materiality assessment outcome Table 1 below outlines the material impacts, risks, and opportunities from EssilorLuxottica’s Double Materiality Assessment. This table includes an analysis of each item’s relevance over different time horizons and across various stages of the value chain. Material ESG Type Value Potential Time topic IRO name IRO description of IRO chain /actual horizon E1 Climate Change Climate Adverse social Extreme climate events such as hurricanes, floods or Negative Value Actual Short Resilience impacts due to droughts can ultimately lead to significant social impacts impact chain the disruption including job losses and reduced working hours, in operations economic strain on affected communities, social unrest caused by or dissatisfaction due to prolonged services outages extreme climate or production delays. events Disruption of Increase in extreme weather events (e.g., cyclones, Risk Value Actual Short activities due to droughts, floods, etc.) due to climate change impact chain extreme climate business continuity in terms of operational disruptions, events (e.g., supply chain interruptions and stores closures causing hurricane, floods, capacity to be downgraded and operations to be etc.) temporarily stopped or shut down completely. Climate Risks associated Transitioning to a lower-carbon economy could imply Risk Value Potential Long Transition with transitioning the issuance of country-specific carbon regulatory policies chain to a lower- or carbon taxes or stricter environmental regulations. carbon economy Compliance with these regulations would involve the (policy, legal, adoption of new, low-carbon technologies, which may technology, and require significant investment, pose operational market changes) challenges and increase production costs (e.g., raw materials, energy and transportation). At the same time, consumers’ demand for responsible products and services may lead to adjustments in product design and manufacturing and retail services. Energy The threats of high energy consumption and GHG Negative Value Actual Short consumption emissions to climate change may translate into more impact chain and GHG extreme weather events, rising sea levels, and disruptions emissions to ecosystems, thereby impacting biodiversity and natural resources, and the broader environment and society. 16 EssilorLuxottica òò 2024 Sustainability Report